Add multiple times in periodic jobs (#17858)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/api-docs/json-jobs.mdx

    [here](https://github.com/gorhill/cronexpr#implementation) for full
    documentation of supported cron specs and the predefined expressions.

>   - `Specs` - A cron expressions configuring the interval the job is launched
>     at. Like `Spec`, but support multiple entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `Specs` - A cron expressions configuring the interval the job is launched
    at. Like `Spec`, but support multiple expressions. The job will run at the next time that matches any of the expressions.
```
